Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
♪ Here I go walking down
this lonely street... ♪
Hey. Henry. look at
this fucking kid.
Who the fuck this
guy think he is?
Hey!
You can'’t have those
colors on in here.
You hear my brother. bozo?
He told you to take that
stupid fucking jacket off.
You know. I'’m gonna take
that jacket off your back.
and I'’m gonna wrap it
around your fucking neck.
and then I'’m gonna choke
the shit out of you.
You hear my brother?
Can'’t be wearing no colors
in this neighborhood.
Take that fucking jacket off.
♪ These old nightmares are
getting the best of me ♪
♪ I wake up and
find my pillow wet ♪
♪ Lonely with my tears... ♪
What?
You'’d have to kill me
to get this jacket off.
This fucking kid. huh?
Come here.
Paulie. he won'’t stay down.
Keeps getting back up.
You better stay down.
you rotten fuck.
I'’ll get him to stay down.
Is this your fucking
bike. asshole?
Oh. shit. Henry!
I'’ve had nothing but trouble
since I met Benny.
I'’ve seen more jails.
have been to more courts
and met more lawyers.
I mean. it can'’t be love.
It must just be stupidity.
♪ I wanna holler... ♪
And then they said it'’s
fer da kids. you know?
Everybody should bring der kids.
We bring the kids. and all
the husbands are stoned.
the wives. you know. are
bitchin'’ at the husbands.
I don'’t think it'’s
good to bring de kids.
- Huh?
- I don'’t think it'’s good to bring de kids.
Yeah.
Well. especially when
the guys are drinkin'’.
Well. you know. Johnny
says. uh. "family picnic."
His kids were there.
too. you know.
Yeah. but he didn'’t get
stoned out of his mind either.
No. but then. Dingy. last year.
you know. I didn'’t
know any of them people
there neither. you know?
Kathy. remember once when
you were tellin'’ me about.
you know. when you
first met the guys...
- Yeah.
- And how you. uh...
Well. I changed. I have.
All right. why don'’t you
talk to me about that?
Well. in a year...
I mean. last year...
What. from the beginning?
Last year. my
girlfriend called me up
and she asked me to come
down to Grand and Division.
she needed some money.
and she said it was a bar.
And she said that the guys
were having a meeting there.
Well. I didn'’t know the guys
or anything. so I went there.
and I never felt so out
of place in all my life.
I walked in there. and
I had white Levi'’s on.
I had a-a sweater on. you know?
And I looked. and the
first guy I seen was Corky.
Hey there. beautiful.
You need a man?
All right. nice talking to you.
I mean. I seen '’em all.
With earrings hanging
out of their ears.
belly buttons showin'’.
you know. like half naked.
I mean. to me. they was.
like. half naked. you know?
I mean. of course I
didn'’t know '’em yet.
but there was. there
was Corky. Zipco.
Cal. Wahoo. Brucie.
You know. I seen '’em all.
They'’re all hootin'’
and hollerin'’.
I mean. they scared the
livin'’ shit out of me.
So I sees my girlfriend.
and I goes over by her.
and I sits down there. and
I'’m takin'’ everything in.
- Here.
- You'’re the best.
- Oh. I gotta go.
- You just got here.
- That'’s Cockroach.
- What?
They call me Cockroach.
And why they call you a
stupid name like that?
'’Cause I like to
eat bugs. you know?
Like a gag.
But I do. I mean.
like to eat '’em.
Bugs. you know?
Well. that'’s
disgusting. I gotta go.
Hey. they'’re not that bad.
Just sit here for a minute.
Hey there.
You wanna come live with me?
What about me? You wanna go out?
No. thank you.
Oh. I have a date.
- A date?
- Yeah. 12 o'’clock.
I-I have to get home.
You hear that. Cockroach?
Cinderella'’s got a date.
Yeah. Cinderelli'’s got
a date at 12 o'’clock.
She'’s about to turn
into a fucking pumpkin.
Oh. yeah.
It'’s not all she'’s
about to turn into.
You see that? They'’re
plannin'’ somethin'’.
Look at all of '’em
whisperin'’ over dare.
- Huh.
- Oh. I'’m gonna go.
And that'’s when I seen Benny...
standing over at the pool table.
♪ Ah ah ah ah da dam da ♪
♪ Ah ah ah dam da da ♪
♪ Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah. ♪
Boy. who'’s that
good-looking guy
- over at the pool table?
- Oh.
Kathy. you don'’t
wanna go out with him.
Why not?
He don'’t look like the
rest of these animals.
Because nobody wants
to go out with him.
Why?
Because he cracks
up on his bike.
Every time he gets
- he has an accident.
- Oh. okay.
Let me get you a pop.
Hey.
I'’m Benny.
Hello.
Well. so what are
we doin'’ here?
Just. uh...
shootin'’ the breeze?
Yeah. I guess.
Well. I gotta go home.
Oh.
Okay.
You gotta go.
What is this. a Rotary buffet?
What'’s your name?
Kathy.
Well. Kathy. uh...
don'’t worry.
Don'’t worry about what?
Nuthin'’.
I'’m Johnny. I'’m the president
of this club. and. uh.
the guys. they just wanna
have some fun. you know?
But I won'’t let
nuthin'’ happen to you.
Oh. yeah? What'’s
gonna happen to me?
Nuthin'’.
Ha. ha. okay. well.
thanks fer that.
You know. nice to meet
ya. Adios. I gotta go.
So. I walk out the
front door real nice.
you know. being grabbed
about five times.
And when I got outside.
I could see on my slacks
were just-just
handprints all over me.
You son of a...
So I'’m standin'’ on the
bus corner thinkin'’.
"Oh. my God." you know?
"Something'’s gonna
happen to me yet."
- Hey. come on. Cinderelli!
- Ah. jeez.
Let'’s go for a ride!
Come on.
come for a ride!
Don'’t be scared!
Cinderelli. Cinderelli!
Okay. okay.
- Okay. okay. okay. okay!
- He'’s not gonna hurt ya.
- Okay.
- Yeah?
- Go for a ride.
- Don'’t be scared. yeah?
Think she'’s gonna do it?
Take off!
Hey. we'’ll see you
on the expressway!
So he'’s going through the
stoplights and everything.
probably so I
wouldn'’t jump off.
And I wouldn'’t have
jumped off anyway.
You know. I was scared shitless.
I'’ve never been on a motorcycle
in all my life.
And finally. we get
out on the expressway.
and that'’s when it
happened. you know?
That'’s when I saw '’em all
for the first time. you know?
Like. really saw '’em. I mean...
♪ He don'’t ♪
♪ Hang around ♪
♪ With the gang no more ♪
♪ He don'’t do the wild
things that he did before ♪
♪ He used to act bad ♪
♪ Used to. but he quit it ♪
♪ It makes me so sad ♪
♪ '’Cause I know that
he did it for me ♪
- ♪ Can'’t you see? ♪
- ♪ And I can see ♪
♪ He'’s still in the street ♪
♪ His heart is out
in the street... ♪
I mean. I have to admit.
it took my breath away.
You see. Kathy?
I told you you had
nothin'’ to worry about.
The guy just wanna go out
with you. that'’s all.
Do you want a drink?
But I didn'’t get home
till nearly four in the morning.
And I swore I'’d never go
with them guys again. Never.
'’Cause they'’re just
like animals. you know?
I mean. they didn'’t
talk the same way I did.
It was everything "F
this" and "F that."
By the time the night was over.
I mean. my ears were ringin'’
from listening to
'’em all braggin'’.
So Benny brought me home.
and my boyfriend. he was
sittin'’ on the front porch.
All right.
Good night. Adios.
The hell you been?
I never wanna see
them guys again.
They'’re real idiots.
Benny planted himself dare
all night and wouldn'’t go home.
This crazy...
Now. you better go home.
If my boyfriend
gets back from work
and you'’re still sittin'’
dare. he'’s gonna be pissed.
This crazy kid.
You'’re crazy!
Yeah. just leave
it at the front.
I told him to leave.
but he wouldn'’t leave.
Well. you better
go get rid of him!
You go get rid of him!
I told him already.
- This is bullshit. man.
- Where are you going?
I don'’t need this
shit. you know!
Don'’t need what?
What do you want me to do?
I'’m done!
- Where are you going?
- I'’m done!
Asshole!
You wanna go to a meetin'’?
Five weeks later. I married him.
♪ My baby don'’t stand
no cheatin'’. my babe ♪
♪ Well. my baby don'’t stand
♪ Well. my baby don'’t
stand no cheatin'’... ♪
Slow down!
♪ True little baby.
she'’s my babe ♪
♪ Well. my baby. I know
she love me. my babe... ♪
♪ Well. my baby. I
know she love me ♪
♪ She don'’t do nothin'’ ♪
♪ But kiss and hug me ♪
♪ My babe. true little
baby. she'’s my babe ♪
Whoo!
♪ My baby don'’t stand
no foolin'’. my babe ♪
♪ No. my baby don'’t
stand no foolin'’... ♪
Oh. no. no. no. no. no. no.
Ah.
Shit.
"It took several police cars
"and motorcycle units from
Elmwood Park. Norridge.
"Harwood Heights.
and Saint Charles
"to stop a motorcycle driver
Thursday in a wild ride
that ended amongst the
farmland on Highway 64."
♪ Get out... ♪
"Benjamin Cross of..."
Benjamin?
Fancy.
"Benjamin Cross of Elmwood Park
"was arrested and charged
with 18 traffic violations.
"but not before reportedly
"running through
seven stoplights.
"hitting speeds over
85 miles an hour
"in two 20-mile-an-hour
school zones.
"and causing damage to
four municipal vehicles
"as a result of the pursuit.
"Cross is free on a $2.500 bond
"and will stand trial in
Park Ridge Traffic Court
on December ninth."
Hey. kid.
H-How many stoplights
did you run?
They said seven. so...
So what?
So I guess that'’s the number.
But it felt like more.
And Johnny always loved Benny.
Why?
Well. '’cause Johnny always
wanted what Benny had.
And what'’s that?
To not care about nothin'’. Hey!
Dingy. tell them guys to get
their bikes off the grass.
Jeez. Hmm.
I mean. my ex in-laws live
right across the street.
You know. they see these
bikes here all the time.
Hey. so. uh. tell me
more about Johnny.
- Like what?
- I don'’t know.
Like. uh. how he
started the club.
You know how he
started the club?
I heard he was
watchin'’. uh. TV.
You know. Johnny'’s not
like the rest of these guys.
You know. how they'’re all bums.
I mean. he'’s not a-a
square or nothin'’.
but Johnny'’s got a
good job. you know?
He'’s had the same job as
long as I'’ve known about him.
- What was that?
- Truck driver.
He'’s a truck driver.
Yeah. short routes. you
know? Like the Midwest.
But. I mean. he'’s got a family.
- Right.
- Yeah.
Two daughters. His wife. Betty.
She'’s all right. you know.
I mean. a lot of
these girls. oof.
I can'’t stand to be around
because it'’s always. you know.
"That'’s my man. don'’t be
lookin'’ at my man." you know?
But Betty. she'’s not like that.
Hey. What do you mean by.
um. Johnny was watching TV?
He was watchin'’. uh.
Marlon Brando on TV
and got the idea for the club.
I mean. that'’s
what I heard anyway.
Girls. girls...
Somebody tell me
what that means.
BRMC. What does that mean?
Black Rebels Motorcycle Club.
Isn'’t that cute?
Hey. Johnny. what are
you rebelling against?
Whattya got?
Hmm. Whattya got?
- What?
- Hmm.
Nothin'’.
Oh. but really how
the club started
was it was a racing club.
I never seen Johnny race.
but they say he was good.
You know. him and
Jimmy Goodpaster
had a-a racing club.
- Goodpaster?
- Yeah.
You know him.
He'’s got that. uh. that
BSA shop out past Hyde Park.
Oh. yeah. yeah. yeah.
- Mustache.
- What?
- He'’s got a thin mustache.
- Yeah.
Yeah. well. they. uh. they
had a racing club together.
I'’m thinking of
startin'’ a riding club.
Why?
I don'’t know. Just
somethin'’ to do. you know.
The fuck you wanna start
a ridin'’ club for?
All those clubs do is sit around
talking about motorcycles.
That'’s what we do.
Yeah. we talk about '’em.
and then we race '’em.
The fuck good you do
to talk about '’em
if you ain'’t gonna race '’em?
So they split up. and
about. uh. about 12 guys
joined up to be Vandals.
They were the first. you know?
So that'’s where the guys...
I mean. the first
guys at least...
that'’s where the first
guys. uh. come from.
was the racin'’ club.
- Oh. yeah?
- Mm.
And who all was that?
Well. it was Wahoo and
Corky. I know that.
My name'’s Wahoo.
I ride a Harley Duo-Glide.
I'’m from Chicago. Illinois.
I'’ve been a Vandal for
about five years now.
They call me Corky.
I ride Wahoo'’s old lady.
Oh. the fuck you do. fuck.
He doesn'’t.
And Brucie was one of '’em.
He was Johnny'’s right
hand from the beginning.
He was an electrician.
But everyone wants to
be part of somethin'’.
I mean. that'’s
what it really is.
These guys don'’t
belong nowhere else.
so they belong
together. you know.
I can'’t explain
it to my parents.
They-they don'’t
understand the way I live.
Because bikeriders...
Lotta people seem to think
that bikes lead to
somethin'’ negative.
That'’s-that'’s why they
think guys ride '’em.
They think it leads
to somethin'’ obscene.
I don'’t know why. but. uh...
but obscenity and motorcycles
travel hand in hand.
That'’s what everybody
thinks anyway.
Why?
I guess. uh...
everybody needs
somebody to pick on.
Can you think of
anyone better than us?
Well. Cal from California.
I look at a scooter. man.
that'’s completely
chopped. man. and-and...
and every part on it. he
either made himself. man.
or bought special
for it. you know.
Now. y-you look
at that dude. man.
that dude'’s a Vandal. you see.
Let'’s say you. uh...
say you take a-a guy
that buys a brand-new
Harley-Davidson.
fully equipped. Hmm?
Though. there'’ll always be a
motherfucker that comes along
and says. "Well. I got
one exactly like yours."
'’Cause he can get it
exactly like his.
But all choppers are different.
Every one of '’em. different.
No matter how much
alike you build '’em.
- you know what I mean?
- Mm.
'’Cause everybody'’s
melon'’s different.
When I was about 15 years old.
my father brought me
an Indian four-cylinder.
Motorcycle.
I like to be dirty.
Yeah. I'’ll go out of my way
to put filth on my clothes.
Dirt on my pants.
dirt on my face.
mess up my hair and eat bugs.
A bug isn'’t really bad to eat.
It'’s all in a person'’s mind.
Now. if you will eat
a raw beef sandwich
or you will eat a rare steak.
a bug won'’t hurt you anymore.
And what about Zipco?
What about Zipco?
You know anything about him?
Oh. he was from Latvia.
- Yeah.
- Right.
Do you know when
he joined the club?
Zipco? I mean. I don'’t know.
He'’s just always been there.
So. uh.
tell me more about Johnny.
What?
I never understood it. you know.
You got all these guys.
none of '’em can follow a rule
to save der lives. you know.
The whole point of these guys
is that they can'’t
follow rules. you know.
You put '’em together.
and they get in this club.
and all of a sudden. oh.
they start makin'’ up
all these rules for
everybody to follow.
It'’s ridiculous.
I mean. it'’s absolutely
ridiculous. you know?
But this one time.
someone challenged Johnny
for the leadership of
the club. you know.
That'’s one of these.
uh. these crazy rules
is that anybody can challenge
Johnny if they really want to.
but of course. you know.
none of '’em want to
'’cause they'’re
all bums. you know.
and none of '’em want
the responsibility.
But this one time.
this guy Jack.
big guy. I mean. real big guy.
I mean. you know. Big
Jack they called him.
- Fat Jack.
- What?
- Wasn'’t it Fat Jack?
- No.
He was the one outta Toledo.
This guy was. uh...
Well. I don'’t know.
Anyway. this Big
Fat Jack guy says...
Hey. I got a question!
Wait your turn! Let me finish.
Now. we'’re gonna get
the phone installed
behind the bar dere.
but Johnny has to put that
on his personal account.
- Why'’s he gotta do that?
- So...
I don'’t... Because
that'’s the way
the phone company
has to set it up.
Club should pay for
it outta the dues.
Yeah.
That way. we can
use it how we want.
- It don'’t work like that.
- Why not?
- Why?
- Shut up a minute.
Shut the fuck up!
Now listen.
We need a phone back der
in case anybody gets
in trouble. all right?
Now. you get thrown in jail
or you need bail. you call here.
You get stuck out someplace
on your bike. you call here.
But the first time we get a bill
where you been callin'’
your fat fuckin'’ girlfriend
out in East What the Fuck...
we'’re gonna take that phone.
and we'’re gonna put knots
on your head with it.
Understand?
Yeah. but I got a question.
I got some friends in Milwaukee.
they like what we'’re
doin'’ out here
and asked if they could join up.
start a Vandals
chapter out dere.
Nah.
Why not?
What the fuck we need '’em for?
You know. this is our club.
Okay. we are in this town. Here.
You know. we are
all friends here.
Now. I don'’t know these guys.
You know '’em.
We drank with '’em on
that last run to Columbus.
Oh. yeah.
I say no.
Well. I... I say we let
'’em start a chapter.
Hey. you said if any of
us disagrees with ya.
we could challenge ya. so...
So what?
So. I guess I'’m
challengin'’ ya.
Go fuck yourself.
Fists?
Or knives?
Well. I don'’t wanna kill ya.
So. what? Fists?
Yeah?
Yeah.
It was a picnic.
- A big family picnic.
- All right.
I remember because
it was cold that day.
The kids were runnin'’ around.
guys were gettin'’ stoned.
wives and girlfriends all
over the place. you know?
And they cut a track out there.
- Come on!
- Crush him!
They'’d spend all day drinkin'’
and runnin'’ their
bikes on that track
all frickin'’ day
long. you know?
By the end of the day.
the place is like
one big mud pit.
And that'’s where they did it.
♪ I'’m a road runner. honey ♪
♪ And you can'’t
keep up with me ♪
♪ Come on. let'’s race ♪
♪ Baby. baby. you and me ♪
I mean. the thing about Johnny.
he wasn'’t always bigger
than the other guys.
but he was always meaner.
You okay?
You broke my damn finger.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. we done?
Huh?
Now. you tell your
friends in Milwaukee
that they can have their
chapter. all right?
You... You tell '’em
Johnny said so. All right.
You all right?
If you were gonna let
'’em have a chapter.
why'’d you go through the
trouble of fightin'’ him?
If anybody was
gonna have the idea.
it had better be me. right?
And now he knows it.
- You good?
- Yeah.
I never felt better.
After that. the club
started growin'’.
It got real big. real fast.
- All right?
- Yeah.
♪ Oh. yeah ♪
Chapters started poppin'’ up
all over the place. you know.
Other clubs started
askin'’ to join up.
♪ Everything'’s gonna be
all right this morning ♪
♪ Oh. yeah ♪
♪ Now. when I was a young boy ♪
♪ At the age of five ♪
♪ My mother said
I was gonna be ♪
♪ The greatest man alive ♪
♪ But now I'’m a man ♪
♪ I'’m past... ♪
Get the hell out
of the street. kid.
Goddamn it!
What the hell do...
♪ Bomp. bomp. bomp.
bomp. bomp. bomp ♪
♪ I feel free... ♪
♪ Bomp. bomp. bomp.
bomp. bomp. bomp ♪
♪ I feel free ♪
♪ Bomp. bomp. bomp.
bomp. bomp. bomp ♪
♪ I feel free ♪
♪ Bomp. bomp. bomp.
bomp. bomp. bomp ♪
♪ I feel free ♪
♪ Bomp. bomp. bomp.
bomp. bomp. bomp ♪
♪ I feel free ♪
♪ Bomp. bomp. bomp.
bomp. bomp. bomp ♪
♪ I feel free ♪
♪ Bomp. bomp. bomp.
bomp. bomp. bomp
♪ Feel when I dance with you ♪
♪ We move like the sea ♪
♪ You. you'’re all
I want to know ♪
♪ I feel free ♪
♪ I feel free. ♪
♪ "Hey. hey. hey. yeah" ♪
♪ I said. "Hey.
hey. hey. yeah..." ♪
And welcome to the
12th annual car show.
♪ Oh. come on. everybody.
take a trip with me ♪
♪ Well. down the Mississippi.
down in New Orleans ♪
♪ They got honeysuckle growing
on the honeysuckle vine ♪
♪ And love is a-blooming
there all the time ♪
♪ Well. every Southern belle
is a Mississippi Queen ♪
♪ Down the Mississippi.
down to New Orleans ♪
♪ I said. "Hey.
hey. hey. yeah." ♪
Look at these pinko
motherfuckers.
These motherfuckers.
It'’s like my brudder.
You know. my brudder?
Me and my brudder. we
swing the same way. but.
only thing is. he'’s a pinko.
There'’s somethin'’ in his
head. is wrong. you know.
But when he gets drunk.
he'’s just like me.
Otherwise. he thinks different.
What do you mean
by "he'’s a pinko"?
Ain'’t you supposed to
be takin'’ pictures?
Yeah.
So what you got that microphone
for all the time. then?
I don'’t know.
I was thinkin'’ I could
record people talkin'’. maybe.
Use it with the pictures.
Make a book or
somethin'’. maybe.
A book?
- Yeah. Maybe.
- Yeah.
So what do you mean
by "he'’s a pinko"?
Pinko. uh. you know.
college boy.
They wear tennis
shoes and short pants.
- you know. shit like that.
- Uh-huh.
- What'’s your brother do?
- Uh. he'’s in the Air Force.
Going to Thailand next November.
Air Force mechanic.
They took him.
they wouldn'’t
take me. you know.
They took him '’cause he'’s a
clean-cut. all-American boy.
You know. short pants
and tennis shoes.
I gotta take a piss.
I told my brother... He
went to college one year.
I said. "Fucker. you
don'’t quit that college.
I'’mma beat the shit outta you."
And he quit.
'’Cause I told him I don'’t want
no goddamn pinkos in my family.
'’Cause I can'’t stand
that shit. you know.
'’Cause if you can'’t work
with your fuckin'’ hands.
you ain'’t no fuckin'’ good.
Hey. Stupid.
Yeah. you. you tall fuck.
Tall?
Yeah. you. You
scratched my bike.
Hey. come on. Come on. hey.
I. uh. you know. I like to work.
I ain'’t a fuckin'’ prick.
I like to work with
my hands and shit.
I work hard for my
money. you know?
Oh. yeah. Yeah.
What do you do?
I study photography.
In college.
Why'’d you scratch my bike?
I didn'’t scratch your
fuckin'’ scooter. man.
Well. I walk off.
there'’s no scratch.
I see you here.
now all of a sudden.
there'’s a scratch.
- Scratch?
- What'’s goin'’ on?
Man. I was looking at
this guy'’s carburetors.
He'’s got Jaguar carburetors.
you know. big
Italian carburetors.
Oh. yeah. yeah. yeah.
And now he says I
scratched his bike.
Whoa.
I didn'’t scratch that
ancient piece of shit.
The fuck you didn'’t.
You wanna get salty.
motherfucker? I'’ll get salty!
Okay. now. hold on.
hold on. hold on.
Nah. Nah.
Where you guys from?
Gary.
All right. You know a...
You know a guy around
there called Shitty Pete?
Around there?
Yeah.
- He rides with us sometimes.
- Oh.
How do you know Shitty?
Me? Well. I used to
work with Shitty Pete.
You know. truckin'’.
Around. uh. five years back.
Your boyfriends are
gettin'’ into trouble.
Oh. shit.
What you guys call yourselves?
Rogues.
- Gary Rogues.
- Yeah.
And how many guys you got?
Not enough. eh?
♪ Baby. please don'’t go ♪
♪ Baby. please don'’t
go down to New Orleans ♪
♪ You know I love you so ♪
♪ Baby. please don'’t go ♪
♪ Baby. your man done gone ♪
♪ Well. your man done gone ♪
♪ Well. your man done gone.
left the county farm ♪
♪ He had his shackles on ♪
♪ Baby. please don'’t go ♪
♪ Before I be your dog ♪
♪ Baby. please don'’t
go down to New Orleans ♪
♪ You know I love you so. ♪
Jesus.
No. no!
Benny. no. stop. stop.
No. no. No.
No.
No. all right?
All right.
Jesus fucking Christ.
That kid'’s fuckin'’ crazy.
Yeah.
Fuck this.
Let'’s get some beers.
Come on.
Well. I had... I had four carbs
and. uh. 80 cubic
inches per engine.
two-inch valves. all
ported and relieved.
and. uh. I had the biggest cams.
the hairiest cams I
could put in there. man.
How the fuck did you start it?
My mechanic.
He weighed 300 pounds.
He started it. One kick
and that fucker started.
Fuck.
You know how to time
stuff pretty good. huh?
Pretty good. I mean. all right.
Enough for me. you know.
I'’m the one ridin'’ it.
Yeah. but. see.
here'’s the problem.
Then you gotta bring that
fat guy with you ridin'’.
And you gotta feed him.
Whatta you thinkin'’ back there?
What?
Right there. when you-you
come chargin'’ in like that?
Nothin'’. I saw you
squarin'’ off with them guys.
What I'’d need to think for?
Yeah.
Yeah. you and me. kid.
You and me. you crazy fuck.
- Mm.
- Yeah.
Well. Benny'’s always
been a fighter.
And that'’s just what
they need in that club.
Because you know what?
- Half them guys in there are candy ass.
- Hmm.
There'’s a lotta guys in
there that are candy ass.
- Can you walk with that thing?
- Yep.
I mean. candy asses.
They'’ll just as soon turn
around than get into a fight.
They don'’t care
if they go to jail
for disturbin'’ the peace.
No. but they ain'’t
gonna go to jail
for aggravated assault
or nothin'’ like that.
Will you move those bikes?
Yes. ma'’am.
Oh. wow. You. uh...
You left me one beer out
of a whole case of bottles.
What saints.
From Bell. California.
here is Richard Connelly.
Get these bikes off my yard!
I mean. Benny'’s not even here.
and all these jerks
are out in front.
I mean. '’cause they
got no place to go. see?
So they'’ll come and
they'’ll sit here.
And it makes the place look bad.
I mean. the neighbors see
it. and this and that.
I used to be respectable.
Kathy. why do you
think the guys.
they don'’t wear their colors
when they'’re not all together?
Why?
'’Cause they'’re afraid when
they'’re all by themselves.
'’Cause too many
people are after '’em.
for one thing. you know.
Too many people got a
grudge against them.
So if they catch
'’em one by one...
I mean. that'’s what
happened to Benny.
Benny always wore his colors.
and when he did wear his colors
and he was by himself.
there was trouble.
I mean. you heard about
all the trouble he got in
- over at the Lakeside Inn?
- Yeah. yeah.
And that was it.
Benny was by himself
and wouldn'’t take his
colors off for nobody.
And there was trouble.
You hear my brother?
Can'’t be wearin'’ no
colors in this neighborhood.
Paulie. he won'’t stay down.
Keeps getting back up.
You better stay down.
you rotten fuck.
I'’ll get him to stay down.
Is this your fucking
bike. asshole?
Oh. shit. Henry!
You motherfucker!
- Oh. you dirty cocksucker!
- Henry!
Henry.
Yeah. don'’t worry.
I got this motherfucker
right here.
I mean. it nearly
took his foot off.
You know. my dad always told me
it takes a lot to
make a man cry.
an awful lot. you know.
I mean. they don'’t get hit
on the head and start cryin'’.
Not a real man.
Well. I'’ve seen my father cry
twice in all my life.
Once when his father died
and once when my
mother almost died.
And I mean really cry. you know.
And I always believed him.
Whereas Benny.
I'’ve seen him getting
worked over with blackjacks.
I'’ve seen him
gettin'’ stitched up
with no nothin'’. you know.
I mean. it'’s just like.
just like stitchin'’ him up
while he'’s wide awake
and everythin'’ else.
You don'’t see that
guy shed a tear.
The closest I ever seen him
come to it was that day. Mm.
Not for the pain
or nothin'’. no.
You know what it was?
Don'’t let '’em take my foot.
All right? You don'’t let '’em
take my foot off.
They take my foot off.
and I can'’t ride no more.
That was it.
He didn'’t want to lose his foot
'’cause then he
couldn'’t ride no more.
Never mind that he-he
got a concussion
and this maniac nearly
chopped his foot off
for not taking his colors off.
No. never mind that he...
He wasn'’t even
supposed to be ridin'’
'’cause his license
had been suspended
from that one time the
cops chased him all over.
I mean...
No. no. no. no.
I mean. all he could think about
was ridin'’ his
stupid motorcycle.
I tell ya. you know. be funny
if it wasn'’t so tragic.
And what about Johnny?
Oh. Johnny.
Johnny went crazy.
Johnny. Benny is in a bad way.
He'’s in the hospital.
Two guys jumped him
over his colors.
They nearly chopped
his foot off.
Where?
Lakeside.
I don'’t want any trouble here.
Well. um...
Young kid get beat up
in here earlier today.
And. ah...
You know who did it?
Couple of regulars.
A couple regulars?
Yeah. all right.
Take that pencil.
write their names
down. where they live.
Then I'’ll let you leave.
This is my bar. I own it.
Send a few guys.
make it so they
can'’t walk no more.
What about the bar?
Burn it down.
♪ Now. you masters of war ♪
♪ You build all the big guns ♪
♪ You build the big planes ♪
♪ And you build the big bombs ♪
♪ You hide behind walls ♪
♪ And you hide behind desks ♪
♪ I just want you to know ♪
♪ I can never done nothin'’... ♪
We gotta go.
♪ You play with
my world. mm. mm ♪
♪ Like it'’s your little toy ♪
Nah. we don'’t.
♪ You put a gun in my hand ♪
They'’re scared of us.
♪ And you hide from my eyes ♪
♪ Then you try to
run farther... ♪
I think it terrified him.
You know. that'’s a lot of
power for one guy to have.
You know. to be in
charge of alla that.
I mean. that can really
mess with your noodle.
- Cream?
- No.
You know. Benny was bad off.
Now. I had him in a
motel for three weeks.
I mean. he couldn'’t walk.
so I got him a place
with no stairs.
This is my husband. This is...
Darrin.
Oh. we were just having a drink.
Would you care for a cocktail?
I'’d like a very dry martini.
Italian Vermouth. Spanish gin
and a Greek olive?
Well. I don'’t think
we have any of...
Don'’t bother.
I'’ll fix it myself.
Hey. Kathy.
Come on in.
Hey. look at you.
All propped up.
Like the queen.
Who you callin'’ a queen?
Ah. you look good.
You'’re looking all right.
The guys thought you
might really be out of it.
He is out of it. He can'’t walk.
What'’d the surgeon say?
They. uh. cut through a tendon.
Oh. Jesus.
We'’re outta ice.
Oh. yeah.
They tie it back
together or what?
- Somethin'’ like that.
- Mm-hmm.
- I'’m gonna go get some ice.
- So. uh...
So. how long they keep
you in the hospital for?
- Three or four days.
- That'’s a long time.
The guys would love
to see you out there.
It'’s gonna be a
big one. you know.
maybe the biggest one yet.
Biggest what?
Picnic. Johnny'’s sayin'’
they'’re goin'’ all out
for the Dayton run.
Oh.
How long is that? Three weeks?
Yeah.
I mean. I'’ll still be in
the cast by then. but...
Cast?
Cast. nah. You shift
with your left foot.
You can always use
your front brake
if you can'’t put
no pressure on it.
I know the guys. they would...
You want a drink Johnny?
I'’m good.
The guys would love
to see ya out there.
You know. they'’re
real worried about ya.
- I'’ll be there.
- All right.
I'’ll get out of here.
I'’ll let you rest.
Okay.
Kathy.
I mean. you wouldn'’t
really try riding
after three weeks. would ya?
The doctor said three to four
months with no weight on it.
I don'’t know.
Turn up the TV. will you?
I don'’t want you ridin'’.
Yeah. it scares me. especially
this soon after surgery.
I-I don'’t like it.
- You don'’t like it?
- I get worried.
I should just go.
I'’m just gonna leave.
- What?
- No. it'’s better.
- You'’d be better off.
- Stop. Stop it.
Not having to take care of me.
- Worry about me.
- No.
No.
When I heal up. I'’ll leave.
I don'’t want you to go.
I'’m going off the freeway
into this. uh. ice plant.
I don'’t know if you
know what ice plant is.
If you'’re ever in California.
stop and look if you
want. but. like...
Hey. Kathy.
Hey. Brucie. How'’s Gail?
She'’s good. She'’s. uh. got a
job doin'’ nails in Oak Park.
I'’ll go see her.
Uh. Johnny. can we talk?
Mm.
Oh. you always gotta have these
guys around to hear everything?
- Well. what'’s there to hear?
- Some things.
Oh.
You need somethin'’. Kathy?
You can'’t have him.
Who?
You know exactly who
I'’m talkin'’ about.
Benny. You can'’t have him.
The club can'’t have
him. He'’s mine.
You know. and if he keeps
ridin'’ motorcycles.
he'’s gonna die.
One way or another.
it'’ll kill him.
And you know this is true.
What am I supposed
to do about it?
You know I don'’t run Benny.
just like you don'’t run Benny.
There ain'’t nobody can
tell that kid nothin'’.
He'’s grown.
If he wants to ride a
bike. he'’ll ride a bike.
Well. not if you
tell him. Johnny.
Not if you tell him
he'’s outta the club.
- Come on.
- No. he'’s mine. Johnny. Mine.
I'’m his wife. not you.
Fuck is that supposed to mean?
Well. I know you love
him. I love him. too.
That'’s why you gotta do this.
Uh...
Are you. are you done?
I don'’t know. Am I?
Oh. you got anything
more to say?
No. I said it.
All right. then.
you know. y-you are.
You'’re...
You'’re done.
You can'’t have him!
Shut the fuck up!
Why don'’t you try it?
Shut your fuckin'’ yap!
I swear to God. all
you do is bitch.
Yap. yap. yap!
I oughta shut that fuckin'’
mouth of yours for good.
If you did. it'’d
be the first thing
- you ever finished...
- Quit the racket!
I'’m sick of that mouth on you.
Worthless piece of shit!
Always acting like
you'’re so fuckin'’ tough!
If it wasn'’t for my
bad back. I'’d have beat
- your ass blue by now!
- Yeah. lemme get my jacket.
My back! My back!
- I said to quit the racket.
- Come here!
What a worthless
piece of shit...
Come here! I'’m gonna
put this belt on you!
You turned out to be!
- No. no. no!
- Take that!
- I said. quit the racket!
- Told you!
- I told you!
- Fuck!
Told you. huh?
- I told you. Didn'’t I?
- No.
- Quit it! Quit it!
- No!
No!
Hey. come here. Come here.
- Come on.
- Stop!
Stop it!
Stop it! You'’re gonna kill him!
Stop it! Stop it!
I want you outta here!
Don'’t you ever come back
here! Don'’t you ever!
I'’m sorry.
Sorry.
Who'’s comin'’?
What'’s the matter?
Hey. hey.
You a Vandal?
That'’s right.
All right. well.
me and the guys.
you know. we'’re
looking to join up.
- You wanna join...
- Uh-huh.
You gotta talk to the man.
Oh. yeah? Who'’s the man?
Who'’s the man?
That'’s the man.
Come on.
Hey. look at this guy.
- Hey. welcome back.
- Wow.
You rode in all the way on that?
I strapped it to the bike.
He needs it '’cause
his leg is broke.
- Hey. Betty.
- Hey. Kathy.
I need a drink.
So. uh. what'’s it like
ridin'’ on the old foot?
Hey. man.
Somebody told me you'’re
the guy I need to talk to.
Maybe.
Blew out here from California.
Heard there was a big picnic.
wanted to check it out.
Heard you'’re the man in charge.
I'’m Sonny.
I was hoping maybe to...
little food. little to drink...
camp out for a night or two.
Wanted to show a little class.
contribute to the party.
All right. Help yourself.
This here'’s Brucie.
This. uh. Benny right
there with the boot.
And I'’m Johnny.
We'’re the Vandals.
Well...
it'’s nice to meet
some proper fuck-ups.
♪ When I was a boy ♪
♪ I had a mind of my own ♪
♪ Told my folks ♪
♪ I was leaving home ♪
Vandals. motherfucker!
I always wondered
what riders out in
California looked like.
Can you imagine a thousand
of those fucking guys?
♪ I'’m going home ♪
♪ Yeah. I'’m going home. ♪
Oh. they always
pegged me for stupid.
Man. I couldn'’t read
a fuckin'’ comic book
until I was in the army.
What comic book?
I was born in Canada. man.
Come on. I mean.
I went up to the fourth
grade. man. in school.
all French. no English.
And I was. I was
always hasslin'’
and just tryin'’ to learn
the goddamn language.
- You were in the army?
- Yeah.
I got a undesirable
discharge in there
because I was always salty.
I wanted to be in the army.
I always wanted go
over there to Vietnam.
I went to the draft
board to get in.
They had this big party
at the Seaway there then.
where I went the night before.
And get home about
four. you know.
My ma comes home.
"You ain'’t goin'’ yet?"
My alarm clock'’s ringin'’.
I'’m still conked out.
and my fuckin'’
beard'’s full of wine.
and. you know...
and my ma. she takes
me in a taxicab.
she drives me over there.
and she throws me in there.
They. uh. they go from
station to station.
and you sit there. and
I keep fallin'’ asleep.
Well. hey. I passed.
I passed all the
fuckin'’ tests. man.
And the guy says. "Hey.
you flunked your physical."
I said. "What the
fuck? What. my ears?
I couldn'’t hear or what?"
He said. uh.
"No. your. uh. your
psychiatrist flunked you."
That doctor'’s a
fuckin'’ genius.
Yeah. I smell like
a fuckin'’ distillery. wined up.
but I give him good
answers. you know.
So he says.
"You passed everything. except."
he says. "you are an
undesirable character."
"We don'’t want you."
I says. "I wanna go." you know?
And I cussed that fucker
out that told me that.
I say. "You goddamn
motherfucking
bastard cocksucker."
I walked outta there.
I was crying. man.
I wanted to go.
There'’s pinkos burnin'’
their draft cards.
they that wanna go.
they won'’t take.
Boy. that pissed me off.
It means a lot. you
comin'’ out here
all banged up like
that. you know?
I'’ve been thinkin'’. uh...
I can'’t run this club forever.
You know. I'’m gonna have
to find somebody. uh...
to take it over. you know.
What about Brucie. huh?
Brucie.
Oh...
Yeah. you know. I love Brucie
like a brother. you know?
But it ain'’t. it
ain'’t Brucie. no.
Brucie'’ll get eaten
alive by these guys.
It gotta be somebody that. uh...
that they respect.
It'’s gotta be somebody
that ain'’t gonna take
no shit off of '’em.
It'’s you.
Come on.
Look.
I built this club outta
nothin'’. all right?
I built it.
I put more into
this fuckin'’ club
than my own family. all right?
This is my family.
I don'’t know how many
fuckin'’ chapters we got now.
I know we got...
new guys.
We got young guys.
I don'’t even know
some of them. but...
the guys I do know. you know.
they ain'’t gonna follow nobody
except somebody who can
hold their own. you know?
Look at me.
I'’m all fucked up.
Hmm.
I can'’t even pay
the fuckin'’ dues.
Yeah. well. fuck the dues.
You'’re a grown-up. man.
You got a house. You got a job.
I don'’t want that.
I don'’t care
about none of that.
Yeah. you know.
See...
that'’s why it'’s you.
Huh?
You are who all these guys here.
they'’re all. they'’re
all trying to be.
You see?
- Johnny...
- What?
It'’s yours.
Hmm.
Hey. you know...
Just think it over. you know.
Sonny. you. uh...
y-you ride in California. right?
- Your club'’s out there?
- Mm-hmm.
So why the hell are
you way out here?
I came here for him.
He didn'’t turn in his colors.
We heard he was ridin'’
with another club.
So they brought me out
here to fuck him up.
So. are-are you...
Are you gonna fuck him up?
Nah.
I like you guys.
I'’m hopin'’ to trip
with you for awhile.
The fuck happened here?
Well. I-I think this-this
Funny Sonny just. uh...
just made Cal shit his pants.
Look at his face.
Fuck. man.
Goddamn. Fuck.
I smell something.
is all I'’m saying.
I mean. he'’s... It'’s...
You know. I understand.
He'’s a scary guy.
I mean. the only thing is
I thought I could
change him. you know?
Oh. jeez.
I mean. every woman thinks
that she can change a guy.
not to her own ways. but
to be different. you know?
Not to be different.
but to be...
I don'’t know. like. he'’s wild.
I thought he'’d get
over that. but...
no.
But Benny. he always
talks about leavin'’.
You know. sometimes I
wish he would. you know?
'’Cause every time
he gets into trouble.
the first thing
he'’ll say to me is.
"Well. I'’m gonna leave."
And I think he just
says this to me
so I say to him. you know.
"Don'’t go. don'’t go."
But it'’s gettin'’ to
where if he'’d just go.
not tell me about it.
but just pick up and go.
it doesn'’t hurt
so bad. you know?
I mean. I'’ve got feelings.
'’Cause Benny has no feelings.
I don'’t know where he gets it.
From what I hear. even
when his father died.
he showed no feelings.
Said he'’s better off dead.
I mean. Benny thinks
that when you die.
you'’re better off than when
you'’re living. you know?
Like when his dad died. he said.
"It'’s just as well.
He'’s better off that way."
You know. when
Brucie got killed.
"He'’s better off that way."
No feelings.
Brucie. I mean. I-I think
ever since Brucie died.
things with the club
have changed. you know?
Don'’t you?
Hmm.
I mean. I miss Brucie.
Nothin'’.
Just pow. That'’s it.
I mean. that'’s how
it is. you know.
There'’s always that one.
You know. there'’s always
that one that gets you.
It'’s the one that comes out.
that one that comes
out of nowhere.
That'’s the one
that will get you.
That'’s it.
One that comes outta nowhere.
Hey. Johnny.
Yeah.
We just got a call.
What?
It'’s the funeral home.
They won'’t take the flowers.
What?
They won'’t take the
flowers you sent over there.
Says the family
don'’t want '’em.
Well. fuck it. Send them anyway.
You know. they can eat '’em if
they don'’t wanna take '’em.
Okay.
Wait.
Get the guys
together. all right?
We'’ll take '’em ourselves.
♪ Sit here thinkin'’ ♪
♪ Thinkin'’ bout the happy
times we used to have ♪
♪ Now they'’re gone forever ♪
♪ I still have to wait
for their return ♪
♪ No. I'’ll never learn ♪
♪ I'’ll never learn ♪
♪ My eyes. they burn
from sleepless nights ♪
- ♪ Cryin'’ ♪
Get outta here.
♪ I'’ll never learn.
I'’ll never learn ♪
♪ My eyes. they burn from
sleepless nights... ♪
You guys remember Teddy Singer?
Yeah.
And Teddy Singer died
on the way back from.
uh. the blessing
on Saint Christopher'’s Day.
Yeah. he swerved
and hit a parked car
near the rock quarry.
Good guy.
Yeah. he used to.
used to ride that. uh.
beautiful Knucklehead. the...
All chrome. Nothin'’ but chrome.
His dad made s-special
things for '’em.
You know. because his dad was
a... was a tool and diemaker.
Yeah.
After-after Teddy died.
I. um. I did offer his
dad to buy the bike
because. you know.
it'’s beautiful.
I offered him good
money. too. you know?
But he wouldn'’t.
he wouldn'’t...
he wouldn'’t sell it.
You see?
He wouldn'’t sell it.
He didn'’t even ride it.
He kept the bike.
In his basement.
Right?
You understand?
Yeah?
Anyway.
Just fuck it. Fuck it.
You know. that'’s
how I wanna die.
Absa-fuckin-lutely.
And my mother. she says to me...
She says. "Well.
you'’ve had wrecks."
"I mean. you'’ve
seen people die.
"seen both your
cousins die on bikes.
You'’re gonna kill yourself."
But that'’s... that'’s
the way I wanna die.
And when I die. I
wanna die on a bike.
Shut the fuck up.
- There'’s no...
- Shut...
- the fuck up...
- What?
Johnny.
Hey. they say that. uh...
they say that you'’re the one
to talk to about joinin'’ up.
Oh. no.
No. we don'’t. uh...
we don'’t take kids.
But I ain'’t a kid. I'’m 20.
Come on. Get out of here.
All right? Just...
Will you just come
look at our bikes?
We chopped '’em ourselves.
Okay.
Come look at our bikes.
Let'’s see these pieces of shit.
Oh. my God.
These are pieces of shit.
So we. uh... we scrapped
all the pieces ourselves.
You know. I mean. we didn'’t
have nothin'’. but we did it.
You know. we did all the work.
There you go.
Wh-What do you call yourselves?
The Renegades.
We'’ve been ridin'’
since we were kids.
Look. we'’ll do whatever
we gotta do. All right?
If you want us to rob
someone. we'’ll rob '’em.
You know. if you want us
to fight someone.
we'’ll kill '’em.
All we wanna do. we wanna...
we wanna ride with you.
You want this pretty
bad. huh. kid?
Yeah.
I bet if I offered you
to run this whole club.
you'’d take it in
a heartbeat. right?
What?
Nothin'’.
Uh...
Yeah. You'’re in.
But just you.
You gotta leave
your friends behind.
Fine.
Nah.
Nah. nah. nah. nah. nah. nah.
Nuh-uh.
No.
Get the fuck outta here.
What kinda piece
of shit are you?
What. you leave your
friends behind like that?
No.
Get the fuck outta here.
I don'’t wanna see you
around here ever again.
- Johnny!
- Hey!
- Hey. you...
- Johnny. hey. hey!
All right. clean
this piece of shit up
and get outta here.
Jesus fucking Christ.
Cocksucker. motherfucker.
But you left.
What?
You left before
things really got bad.
I guess it was '’69. so. uh...
So. yeah. I was
done with school.
and I just packed and
left for New York.
That'’s why I wanted to talk.
I wanted to know what
happened to the guys.
What happened to the club.
You know. a year or so after
Brucie died. after you left.
things with the
club really changed.
They just got...
You know. and the
club. it split.
It split between the old
guys and the new guys.
between the beer drinkers
and the pot smokers.
And those rules.
it'’s just a bunch
of made-up stuff.
but these new guys
really believed '’em.
It was like it was all
written in stone or something.
There'’s a guy used
to ride with us.
Took photos.
He says he'’s. uh... he says
he'’s gonna make a book.
So I says to him...
"All I ever want is
to be photographed
dressed up like a barbarian."
Like a real barbarian. you know?
With fur and an
axe or some shit.
I can'’t really take it anymore.
So. there I am. perplexed
about what to do.
This guy seems he'’s gonna
pull rank on me or something.
And I'’m not having it.
So this guy'’s hassling me. man.
Hey. Funny.
- stop hogging the booze. man.
- Mm.
So this. I'’m like.
"Listen. man. I'’m warning you."
One step closer.
and I'’m gonna... I'’m
gonna give it to him.
Boy. look at that dress.
I bet I'’d look
good in that dress.
Yeah. I bet you would. Kathy.
And when I get salty.
motherfucker...
yeah. it'’s like a fucking
old egg sandwich. You know?
He'’s lucky I wasn'’t
mad. you know?
You got all these new guys.
you know. half of '’em
coming back from Vietnam.
They'’re the pot smokers.
and they'’re different.
these young ones. I mean.
You know. I mean. smoking
pot. sure. You know?
But they do other
stuff. too. Drugs.
You know. like hard
stuff. and they'’re crazy.
I got him laid out
on the floor. right?
And I put this right up
to the back of his head.
He says. "Why don'’t
you let me go?"
I say. "You ain'’t goin'’
nowhere. motherfucker."
"I captured you.
You go when I say you can go."
You hear what they
did to Cockroach?
What'’d you say?
A motorcycle cop.
I always wanted to
be a motorcycle cop.
That'’s why I gotta...
give my colors back.
You say you'’re quittin'’?
Yeah.
But what better job. huh?
I say. what better job
is there than to get paid
to sit on a Harley-Davidson
all day long?
I already told her. She'’s
gotta call a lawyer.
- you know?
- I don'’t think she'’ll do that.
I told her that
last week. She...
- Kathy. Here.
- Oh.
Here.
Where'’d you get that?
That girl. she wants
you to have it.
Sonny. what the heck
is she wearin'’?
She took some fellas
upstairs. She don'’t need it.
Don'’t worry. They'’re
having a good time.
She said she wants
you to have it.
She did. huh?
Try it on.
Come on!
Yeah.
We'’re like Santa Claus.
Where are they from?
Columbus.
All you new fuckin'’ guys.
Yeah. I can'’t keep up.
I gotta... I gotta take a piss.
- Fuck. Fuck!
- You wanna quit. motherfucker?
You wanna quit.
you motherfucker?
- Yeah.
- Whoo.
It'’s real pretty.
You look good. Kathy.
It'’s good.
Benny. come '’ere.
What'’s goin'’ on?
Somebody fucked him up good.
- You see who did it?
- Nah.
All right. let'’s get
him loaded in the car.
You two. you need to
take him to a hospital.
- Come on.
- Okay.
Come on. Up you get.
♪ A thousand lights ♪
♪ Look at you ♪
♪ Look at you... ♪
- Where you goin'’?
- Let go.
- I'’m sorry.
- Stop!
- Look what we got.
- Don'’t worry.
- Come on.
- We'’ll take care of you.
- Stop!
- We'’re gonna take care of you.
- Stop it!
No! No!
- We got you.
- No.
No!
- Come on.
- No.
Goddamn. girl.
Benny! Benny!
No! No.
- Hey. hey. hey!
- No!
No.
Benny! Benny. no! No.
The fuck you doin'’?
All right. we'’re just
getting our wings.
Come on. man.
They said the girl in the
red dress was ready to go.
We'’re just gettin'’ ours.
They said the girl
in the red dress.
Get the fuck outta here.
Fuck. man. fuckin'’
misunderstanding.
Fuck outta here.
Where'’s Benny?
Um. well. he'’s not...
He'’s not here. He had to go.
Yeah.
You'’re okay.
It'’s short pours. Short.
Yeah. but. I mean. it'’s like
they'’re walking out the back
with a bottle a night.
Johnny.
If liquor keeps walkin'’.
we'’re going to...
No. I told '’em.
I need to talk with you.
Alone.
They broke two fuckin'’ ribs.
These fuckin'’ new guys.
I think they'’re crazy. Johnny.
I told my old lady
I'’d turn in my colors.
I wanna turn in my colors.
Quit the club.
I understand.
But. Johnny. these guys.
the fucking new ones...
I'’m worried when they find
out. they'’ll fuckin'’ kill me.
I need help.
Hmm.
I'’ll take care of ya.
You got a pistol. right?
Yeah.
Bring it by tonight.
What are we gonna do?
We gotta go see Cockroach.
Benny?
- You up here?
- Yeah.
Whatcha doin'’?
Nothin'’.
Look. I got somethin'’
I need to say.
I gotta be someplace.
Well. we all got
places to be. you know?
All right. what is it?
I can'’t live like this no more.
And I ain'’t gonna
live like this no more.
Well. you weren'’t there. Benny.
You didn'’t see it. you know?
Like. I-I don'’t know
what I would'’ve done
if they got me up those stairs
and into that bedroom.
You know. I'’m...
Johnny said he took care of it.
- He said nothin'’ happened.
- But that'’s not true.
You weren'’t there.
You didn'’t see it.
I mean. you weren'’t there.
I know. I-I'’m sorry.
You weren'’t there!
If they'’da got me
up those stairs.
I think I woulda taken your gun.
and I woulda popped
my brains out.
- Come on.
- I'’m serious.
You know. I-I know I'’m
always sayin'’ that
people who commit suicide.
they must be nuts.
Well. you know. I think
this time I would go nuts.
Well. who'’d even want you
after a thing like that?
Who'’d even wanna look at you?
What do you want me to do?
I want you to quit ridin'’.
I want you to quit the club.
Don'’t ask that.
Yeah. I was thinkin'’ we'’d
go someplace. you know? You...
I mean. you said you
had a cousin in Florida
with a garage you could work at.
Let'’s go there. you know.
Let'’s just go someplace. Benny.
Benny.
Benny!
What?
What do you think this is? Hmm?
What did you ever think
this was gonna be?
Benny.
I gotta go meet Johnny.
Don'’t do nothin'’.
Just follow me in.
You ready?
Give me the pistol.
Fuck! Fuck!
You let it bleed.
Go now.
Stay gone.
Come on.
The fuck was all that for?
That...
that was takin'’
care of Cockroach.
Like you took care of Kathy?
Is that what this club is now?
Is that who we are now?
That'’s it.
Benny. Benny.
Um...
These new guys.
These. uh...
These young guys. they...
Don'’t none of '’em listen.
I. uh... I can'’t. I can'’t
run this club no more.
I n...
I need ya.
You know...
I don'’t ask nobody
for nothin'’.
And I don'’t want
nothin'’ from nobody.
It'’s not me.
Never gonna be me.
Mm.
You know. Benny always
talked about leavin'’.
And then he was gone.
It'’s like Funny
Sonny says to me.
He says. "Kathy. I'’m
gonna tell you something."
He says. "Once you go out
with a guy from the Vandals."
he says. "you'’ll never go back
to any other guy." You know?
And I think this is true.
'’cause after a while.
you get just like
them. You know?
You start thinkin'’ like
them and actin'’ like them.
It changes you.
And Benny was gone more than
a year. '’cause that was '’71.
You know. that'’s when some kid
showed up to challenge Johnny.
I'’d never heard of him.
You know. it was just some kid.
Hey.
I'’m a Vandal now.
What chapter?
Milwaukee.
All my guys been talkin'’.
We'’re done with
you runnin'’ things.
I'’m here to challenge you.
Fists or knives?
Knives.
Hmm.
All right. There'’s a...
There'’s a parking
lot on Fuller.
Near the lake.
Tomorrow night.
All right.
Any ideas?
A few. A few.
But I wanna take a look at
the test before I commit.
How was your evening?
- Where are the girls?
- Out with friends.
All right. I gotta head out.
You comin'’ back tonight?
Yeah.
You grab some eggs
on your way home?
I don'’t wanna get out again.
Well. I apologize for
the way she acted. Steve.
Always late.
Kay was against our coming out.
- Yeah.
- She was very content.
She couldn'’t understand
why I wasn'’t.
Hey! Johnny.
Hey. Kathy.
Benny ever come back around?
No.
No. if he had. I figured you
woulda seen him before me.
Nah.
Yeah. last I heard. he rode
to. uh. Indiana with some guys.
That sounds right.
What do you need?
Nothin'’.
Well. I guess neither
of us got him.
I guess not.
You know...
You can give everything
you got to a thing.
Yeah. you can give
it all you got.
And it'’s still just gonna
do what it'’s gonna do.
Mm.
What. you mean
like my marriages?
Come on. Johnny.
What do you need?
I already said it.
Nothin'’.
Hey. take it easy. Kathy.
You. too. Johnny.
It was late October.
so it was already gettin'’ cold.
From what I hear. some
of the old Vandals
didn'’t even take their bikes.
They just sat in
their cars to watch.
The Huber Law.
What? What is that. German?
Nah. Huber Law is
when you go to work
and you go to jail at night.
That'’s-that'’s
what I'’m sayin'’.
They'’re teachin'’ '’em a trade.
All these flunkies.
All right. let me
take care of this.
Go get '’em. Johnny.
It'’s gettin'’ fuckin'’
cold out there.
How you want it. kid?
Fuck.
Well. I heard a guy say later...
a bikerider. he says that
once Johnny got killed.
that was the end of the
golden age of motorcycles.
Hey. after that.
this kid took over.
He turned the Vandals into
a proper gang. you know?
The fuck we do now?
Nothin'’ to do.
The gang got even bigger.
I mean. they have chapters
all over the Midwest now.
even further. you know?
I heard they started runnin'’
drugs down from Canada.
You know. gambling.
prostitution. you name it.
I mean. I heard they
even murder people.
You know. and other clubs.
you know. you think
of Funny Sonny. right?
Comin'’ from California.
That couldn'’t happen
today. You know?
I mean. with other clubs.
they attack each
other on sight now.
I mean. it'’s a real shame.
And what about the other guys?
What happened to all the guys?
I mean. well. some of the guys
still ride with '’em. you know.
Wahoo and Corky. I think.
They'’re still Vandals.
Fuck you!
'’Cause everybody'’s
melon'’s different.
- You know. Cal died.
- Thinks different.
Yeah. they said he was. uh...
he was paintin'’
houses in Lakewood.
He fell off a ladder.
and he broke his neck.
Somebody told me Funny
Sonny got paid five bucks
to sit on his bike
outside the movie theater
to try to get people
in to watch Easy Rider.
Whoo!
The whole thing is
just ridiculous.
Cockroach went back home.
And can you believe this?
He'’s a motorcycle cop now.
Yeah. of all things.
And Zipco moved to Texas
to work on a-a shrimp boat.
That'’s the last I heard
of him. I don'’t know.
And what about Benny?
♪ I love you so ♪
♪ Please hold. hold
me so tight... ♪
Hey. Benny.
- Mm.
- You hear that?
They just told me the leader
of the Vandals got killed.
A guy named Johnny.
Said some kid just walked up
and shot him in a parking lot.
Didn'’t you used to
ride with that guy?
Mm.
These fucking kids.
We moved down here to Florida.
You know?
Does he still ride?
No. No.
No. ever since Johnny
died. you know.
Benny don'’t ride no more.
And. you know. I...
I don'’t think he misses it.
And things are real good.
We'’re real good. We'’re happy.
Yeah. Benny works
with his cousin now.
and things are real good.
I swear by it.
I mean. at cars.
We'’re happy.
Stunning cars.
He comes in. I'’m
checking it all out.
and I go back to
him. and I tell him
everything that he did wrong.
How he didn'’t respect it.
how he didn'’t treat it
right. he didn'’t maintain it.
Then he starts getting mad.
He starts yelling at me.
And so...
♪ He used to act bad.
used to. but he quit it ♪
♪ It makes me so sad ♪
♪ '’Cause I know that
he did it for me ♪
- ♪ Can'’t you see? ♪
- ♪ And I can see ♪
♪ He'’s still in the street ♪
♪ His heart is out
in the street ♪
♪ He don'’t comb his hair ♪
♪ Like he did before ♪
♪ But he don'’t wear those ♪
♪ Dirty old black
boots no more ♪
♪ But he'’s not the same ♪
♪ There'’s something
'’bout his kissing ♪
♪ That tells me he'’s changed ♪
♪ I know that something'’s
missing inside ♪
- ♪ Something'’s gone ♪
- ♪ Something'’s died ♪
♪ It'’s still in the streets ♪
♪ His heart is out
in the streets ♪
♪ He grew up on the sidewalk.
streetlights shining above ♪
♪ He grew up with
no one to love ♪
♪ He grew up on the sidewalk.
he grew up running free ♪
♪ He grew up and
then he met me ♪
♪ He don'’t hang around
with the gang no more ♪
♪ Out in the streets ♪
♪ He don'’t hang around
with the gang no more ♪
♪ Out in the streets ♪
♪ He don'’t hang around
with the gang no more ♪
♪ Out in the streets ♪
♪ He don'’t hang around
with the gang no more. ♪
♪ Kathy met a girlfriend
at a place around Grant ♪
♪ Swore if she got out alive.
she'’d not go back again ♪
♪ Fellas didn'’t know her ♪
♪ And they scared
her half to death ♪
♪ Handprints on her jeans ♪
♪ She would have just
got up and left ♪
♪ That'’s when she saw Benny
standing over by the bar ♪
♪ Sat back down and waited
till he came over to talk ♪
♪ Later on that night ♪
♪ As she was walking
out the door ♪
♪ Benny started up his bike ♪
♪ And the boys
came out for more ♪
♪ Oh. oh ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ They picked her
up and put her ♪
♪ On the back of Benny'’s bike ♪
♪ Now Kathy'’s been
with Benny Bauer ♪
♪ Ever since that night ♪
♪ She'’s tried to
leave him many times ♪
♪ Can'’t quite get away ♪
♪ Seen more jails and
courts and lawyers ♪
♪ Than she'’d like to say ♪
♪ That Benny'’s always
been a fighter ♪
♪ That'’ll never change ♪
♪ Kathy takes him home
and heals him up ♪
♪ It'’s all the same ♪
♪ He made it from the club room
all the way out to the street ♪
♪ They beat him
with the barstools ♪
♪ But he made it on his feet ♪
♪ Oh. oh ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Kathy'’s running to her boy ♪
♪ Picks him up and
takes him home ♪
♪ And Benny'’s crying ♪
♪ "Kathy. please. I'’m
sorry. don'’t you know?" ♪
♪ I'’m sorry. don'’t you know? ♪
♪ At a bar they call Stoplight.
the fellas drink their beer ♪
♪ Women with their hair done
up. they make it very clear ♪
♪ Which one of the
fellas is all theirs ♪
♪ And can'’t be touched ♪
♪ They'’re tellin'’ me ♪
♪ That motorcycle
riders just give up ♪
♪ They'’re talkin'’
to the pretty ladies ♪
♪ Everyone they can ♪
♪ I never seen the trouble
caused all by just one dance ♪
♪ If Benny don'’t get
himself shot tonight ♪
♪ I wish he did
when he gets home ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Now Kathy'’s dating Benny
and he keeps her by his side ♪
♪ Kathy'’s still the cutest
girl these boys will ever find ♪
♪ Riders line up BSAs out
on the scrambler'’s tracks ♪
♪ Levi'’s jeans and
leather jackets ♪
♪ Numbers on their backs ♪
♪ Benny'’s bike'’s too
big to race up 250 class ♪
♪ They make him start
way up the hill ♪
♪ Up by the railroad tracks ♪
♪ Tomorrow. they'’ll
all ride across ♪
♪ The Illinois state line ♪
♪ Motorcycle Blessing at the
Saint Christopher Shrine ♪
♪ Oh. oh ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Kathy'’s walking out the
door. leaving Benny all alone ♪
♪ And Benny'’s crying ♪
♪ "Kathy. please.
baby. don'’t you go" ♪
♪ Ah. baby. don'’t you go ♪
♪ Kathy mean it this time ♪
♪ Just leave in the
middle of the night ♪
♪ His wallet'’s on your table.
his boots on your floor ♪
♪ The car is parked right
outside your back door ♪
♪ So leave him
asleep in your bed ♪
♪ And you'’re halfway to
Chicago before goodbye is said ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh. ♪
♪ Here I go walking down
this lonely street ♪
♪ Laughing and smiling
with everyone that I meet ♪
♪ But no one knows what'’s
in this lonely heart ♪
♪ No. but me ♪
♪ Oh! This lonely street ♪
♪ Talking about
this lonely street ♪
♪ This lonely street ♪
♪ Remind me of my baby... ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today